are you doing my name is Eric rule with
we SC and you're watching boba so calm
and i'm here to show you the fall 2010
collection of our new headphones we se
is a fashion apparel brand from
stockholm sweden in 2007 we launched
matching headphones
let's start over here with the bare
brick collaboration that we just
launched very exclusive only a thousand
made only 100 in the United States
actually maybe you'll be able to see
them at boboso calm very shortly comes
in four different we se inspired
patterns basically old patterns that
we've used from our past collections
comes with the bear bag there and then
for this particular one you get the case
which is with the crayfish camel flage
here's the tambourine it's our new model
for a fall really good price points it's
got the matte finish offered four
colorways red black blue and white and
then also are maracas went over the ear
headphone offered in the mechanical blue
and black and a chocolate brown done
extremely well for we se really good
sound and as you can see it's really
sleek design making our way down to the
bongo headphone always a top seller for
us offered in various colorways as you
can see for the Fall collection we also
do the bongo than the checkered pattern
does extremely well for us the women are
really gravitating to this pattern it's
been a solid headphone for we se always
does pretty well so now what we're
looking at here is our fault n DJ
headphones you got the bagpipe as well
as the alphorn really comfortable light
great sound quality I was actually
taking it with Jermaine Dupri the other
day he only uses these loves them
they've got the swivel you can move it
so you can easy din and the stuff you
have to probably need these colorways
always been a strong piece for us and
retail at about 160 you also got the AL
porns really unique look to it really
really comfortable around the ear and
amazing sound quality good base price
point is about 125 again that's the
bagpipe and the out porns I'd like to
talk about the oboes these are
entry-level headphones great price point
always offered in a variety of
colors the golden Oh bozek's does
extremely well for us good quality sound
great for you know airplanes traveling
on the train in the subways and as you
can see they come in really cool sleek
colorways just really good design and
it's one of our first headphones that we
we've launched here's some other color
waves in the oboe they've got the golden
white and the gold and black some of our
top sellers and then we're doing some
new in years called the piccolo it's
going to have hands-free technology
working our way over to the pickup
headphone really cool piece inspired by
like the 1980s walkman headphone that
you used to get with the orange years
but up with our own we at sea twist on
it really affordable good quality stone
and really lightweight
Oh